Lord Sword Emperor, I have cultivated the method of longevity for thousands of years
Finally see you again
Greetings to the Sword Emperor
Although the door to the treasure has been opened
But I didn't see the treasure left by the Sword Emperor
How to prove that you are the Sword Emperor?
Shelter Shu Mountain for thousands of years
Five years ago, you almost failed
Without the Sword Emperor
I'm afraid you're already dead
Dao Xiao is you
It turns out that you have been silently sheltering the Shu Mountains for thousands of years
I suddenly asked the countless avenues in the world
I don't remember who you are.
Shushan Qizong Grand Elder Zhao Ruoyan
I wish to worship his cloud as the lord of Shu Mountain
Greetings to the Sword Emperor
Shushanjian Sect Master Tang Zichen
Sect Master Mo Zong must meet the Sword Emperor
Greetings to the Sword Emperor